So, guys, now let us conclude on the big pointers, the production code, that is the code which you
handle while working as a developer and the company, the production code base is huge.
There are millions of lines of code across thousands of lines and hundreds of libraries are in use and
tons of teams are working on them independently.
Right.
So opaque pointers ensure code isolation across components, while seamless integration is also ensured.
Opaque library is like a black box to an external world, right?
Application owners can use it through exposed public APIs, but application owners must not bother about
its internal design and implementation.
If public exposed API gives wrong result in application, seesaws file application developer can say
there is something wrong with the library code and blame the team owning the library or maintenance
development work so it takes less time to decide where does the bug lies?
Is it either in the application tazi source file or in our linked list?
Library library owning team can enhance the library functionality independent of applications using
the library, independent of applications which are using library public APIs as long as public APIs
in and out is not impacted.
Right.
So library public APIs is a sort of interface between library and the rest of the world, or as long
as the input parameters supplied to these public APIs as well as the output parameters obtained from
this public APIs are not changed.
The library owning team can enhance the internal functionality of the library independent of the applications
which are using them opaque pointers and showed that you are a user of library.
You are not supposed to be into the internal design and structure of the library, right?
Just use the library through public APIs, which has been provided by the library itself.
So the way you write a code shows your maturity or experience as a programmer.
So from now on, whatever library you develop, always try to make your library as a black box using
concept of opaque pointers.